README.md, before:

# SimpleMapper [August 2022 - ?]

TODO update this readme

## TODO write the functionality which has been added

- defining line (with following the new point)
- move shapes
- download/upload data
- upload background image
- offset for background image
- select an existing line
- extend an  existing line
- detect the nearest point

## TODO ideas how to improve the tool:

- able to add polygon/transfer line to be polygon https://konvajs.org/docs/shapes/Line_-_Polygon.html
- fill background between lines https://konvajs.org/docs/styling/Fill.html
- rotate shapes https://konvajs.org/docs/animations/Rotation.html
- scale shapes https://konvajs.org/docs/select_and_transform/Resize_Snaps.html
- context menu for stage https://konvajs.org/docs/sandbox/Canvas_Context_Menu.html
- modify (remove point) existing line (maybe with using context menu even without selecting the shape?) https://konvajs.org/docs/performance/Avoid_Memory_Leaks.html
- adding text (by context menu): https://konvajs.org/docs/shapes/Text.html
- able to change line to be polygon
- able to change polygon to be line
- save polygon type in the data
- pressing mouse -> creating rect
- validations for everything
- flexible width/height of the canvas
- better styling
- nicer buttons 
- think about current UI and UX
- optimalisation https://konvajs.org/docs/performance/Optimize_Strokes.html
- (?) CTRL + Z or shortcuts in general
- (?) preset
- (?) split shapes
- (?) possible to draw straight lines (prox calculation for the X or Y)
- create a demo object
- move to Heroku

Commit message:

Add context menu + update README with the progress

README.md, after:

# SimpleMapper [August 2022 - ?]

TODO update this readme

## TODO write the functionality which has been added

- defining line (with following the new point)
- move shapes
- download/upload data
- upload background image
- offset for background image
- select an existing line
- extend an existing line
- detect the nearest point
- able to add polygon/transfer line to be polygon
- fill background between lines
- context menu for stage 

## TODO ideas how to improve the tool:

- stop editing after right click / finish by clicking same point (around 10 px margin)
- modify (remove point) existing line (maybe with using context menu even without selecting the shape?) https://konvajs.org/docs/performance/Avoid_Memory_Leaks.html
- adding text (by context menu): https://konvajs.org/docs/shapes/Text.html
- able to change line to be polygon
- able to change polygon to be line
- scale shapes https://konvajs.org/docs/select_and_transform/Resize_Snaps.html
- pressing mouse -> creating rect
- validations for everything
- add default size of the stage (configurable)
- able to define size of stage
- saving stage as a part of config
- better styling
- optimalisation https://konvajs.org/docs/performance/Optimize_Strokes.html
- add description for each option
- list with possible actions for the simpler-mapper
- add tooltip with description what exactly it's doing
- (?) CTRL + Z or shortcuts in general
- (?) preset
- (?) split shapes
- (?) possible to draw straight lines (prox calculation for the X or Y)
- (?) rotate shapes https://konvajs.org/docs/animations/Rotation.html
- create a demo object
- move to Heroku
